16.1 Number Swapper: Write afunction to swap anumber in place (that is, without temporary variables).

16.2 Word Frequencies: Design a method to find the frequency of occurrences of any given word in a book. What if we were running this algorithm mUltiple times?

16.3 Intersection: Given two straight line segments (represented as a start point and an end point)' compute the point of intersection, if any.

16.4 Tic Tac Win: Design an algorithm to figure out if someone has won a game of tic-tac-toe.

16.5 Factorial Zeros: Write an algorithm which computes the number of trailing zeros in n factorial.

16.6 Smallest Difference: Given two arrays of integers, compute the pair of values (one value in each array) with the smallest (non-negative) difference. Return the difference.
EXAMPLE
Input:{1,3,15,11,2},{23,127,235,19,8}
Output 3.That is, the pair (11, 8).

16.7 Number Max: Write a method that finds the maximum of two numbers. You should not use if-else or any other comparison operator.

16.8 English tnt: Given any integer, print an English phrase that describes the integer (e.g., "One Thousand, Two Hundred Thirty Four").

16.9 Operations: Write methods to implement the multiply, subtract, and divide operations for integers. The results of all of these are integers. Use only the add operator.

16.10 Living People: Given a list of people with their birth and death years, implement a method to compute the year with the most number of people alive.You may assume that all people were born between 1900 and 2000 (inclusive). If a person was alive during any portion of that year, they should be included in that year's count. For example, Person (birth = 1908, death = 1909) is included in the counts for both 1908 and 1909.

16.11 Diving Board: You are building a diving board by placing a bunch of planks of wood end-to-end. There are two types of planks, one of length shorter and one of length longer. You must use exactly Kplanks of wood. Write a method to generate all possible lengths for the diving board.

16.12 XML Encoding: Since XML is very verbose, you are given a way of encoding it where each tag gets
mapped to a pre-defined integer value.The language/grammar is as follows:
Element --) Tag Attributes END Children END Attribute --) Tag Value
END --) e
Tag -- ) some predefined mapping to int Value -- ) string value
For example, the following XML might be converted into the compressed string below (assuming a mappingoffamily -> 1, person ->2, firstName -> 3, lastName -> 4, state -> 5).
<family lastName="McDowell" state="CA")
<person firstName="Gayle")Some Message</person) </family)
Becomes:
1 4 McDowell 5 CA e2 3 Gayle eSome Message ee
Write code to print the encoded version ofan XML element (passed in Element and Attribute objects).

16.13 Bisect Squares: Given two squares on a two-dimensional plane, find a line that would cut these two squares in half. Assume that the top and the bottom sides of the square run parallel to the x-axis.

16.14 Best Line: Given a two-dimensional graph with points on it, find a line which passes the most
number of points.

16.15 Master Mind: The Game of Master Mind is played as follows:
The computer has four slots, and each slot will contain a ball that is red (R), yellow (Y), green (G) or blue (B). For example, the computer might have RGGB (Slot #1 is red, Slots #2 and #3 are green, Slot #4 is blue).
You, the user, are trying to guess the solution. You might, for example, guess YRGB.
When you guess the correct color for the correct slot, you get a "hit:' If you guess a color that exists but is in the wrong slot, you get a "pseudo-hit:' Note that a slot that is a hit can never count as a pseudo-hit.
For example, if the actual solution is RGBY and you guess GGRR, you have one hit and one pseudo- hit.
Write a method that, given a guess and a solution, returns the number of hits and pseudo-hits.

16.16 Sub Sort: Given an array of integers, write a method to find indices mand n such that if you sorted
SOLUTION
elements mthrough n, the entire array would be sorted. Minimize n - such sequence).
EXAMPLE
Input:1, 2, 4, 7, 1e, 11, 7, 12, 6, 7, 16, 18, 19 Output: (3, 9)

16.17 Contiguous Sequence: You are given an array of integers (both positive and negative). Find the contiguous sequence with the largest sum. Return the sum.
EXAMPLE
Input 2, -8, 3, -2, 4, -10 OutputS (i.e., {3, -2, 4})

16.18 Pattern Matching:You are given two strings, pattern and value. The pattern string consists of justthelettersaandb,describingapatternwithinastring.Forexample,thestring catcatgocatgo matchesthe pattern aabab (where cat is a and go is b). It also matches patterns like a, ab, and b. Write amethod to determine ifvalue matches pattern.

16.19 Pond Sizes:You have an integer matrix representing a plot of land, where the value at that location represents the height above sea level. A value of zero indicates water. A pond is a region of water connected vertically, horizontally, or diagonally. The size of the pond is the total number of connected water cells. Write a method to compute the sizes of all ponds in the matrix.
EXAMPLE Input:
o21a a1 a1 11a1 o101
Output: 2, 4, 1 (in any order)

16.20 T9:Onoldcellphones,userstypedonanumerickeypadandthephonewouldprovidealistofwords that matched these numbers. Each digit mapped to a set of 0 - 4 letters. Implement an algorithm to return a list of matching words, given a sequence of digits. You are provided a list of valid words (provided in whatever data structure you'd like).The mapping is shown in the diagram below:
EXAMPLE Input: Output:
8733
tree, used

16.21 Sum Swap: Given two arrays of integers, find a pair of values (one value from each array) that you
can swap to give the two arrays the same sum.
EXAMPLE
Input:{4,l,2,l,l,2}and{3,6,3,3} Output: {l,3}

16.22
Langton's Ant: An ant is sitting on an infinite grid of white and black squares. It initially faces right. At each step, it does the following:
(1) At a white square, flip the color of the square, turn 90 degrees right (clockwise), and move forward one unit.
(2) At a black square, flip the color of the square, turn 90 degrees left (counter-clockwise), and move forward one unit.
Write a program to simulate the first K moves that the ant makes and print the final board as a grid. Note that you are not provided with the data structure to represent the grid. This is something you must design yourself. The only input to your method is K. You should print the final grid and return nothing.Themethodsignaturemightbesomethinglikevoid printKMoves(int K).

16.23 Rand7 from RandS: Implement a method rand7() given randS(). That is, given a method that generates a random number between 0 and 4 (inclusive), write a method that generates a random number between 0 and 6 (inclusive).

16.24 Pairs with Sum: Design an algorithm to find all pairs of integers within an array which sum to a specified value.

16.25 LRU Cache: Design and build a "least recently used" cache, which evicts the least recently used item. The cache should map from keys to values (allowing you to insert and retrieve a value associated with a particular key) and be initialized with a max size. When it is full, it should evict the least recently used item.You can assume the keys are integers and the values are strings.

16.26 Calculator:Givenanarithmeticequationconsistingofpositiveintegers,+,-,*and/(noparentheses), compute the result.
EXAMPLE
Input: 2*3+5/6*3+15 Output: 23.5


