17.1 Add Without Plus: Write a function that adds two numbers. You should not use + or any arithmetic operators.

17.2 Shuffle: Write a method to shuffle a deck of cards. It must be a perfect shuffle-in other words, each of the 52! permutations of the deck has to be equally likely. Assume that you are given a random number generator which is perfect.

17.3 Random Set: Write a method to randomly generate a set of mintegers from an array of size n. Each element must have equal probability of being chosen.

17.4 Missing Number: An array A contains all the integers from 0 to n, except for one number which is missing. In this problem, we cannot access an entire integer in A with a single operation. The elements of A are represented in binary, and the only operation we can use to access them is "fetch the jth bit of A[i]," which takes constant time. Write code to find the missing integer. Can you do it in O(n) time?

17.5 Letters and Numbers: Given an array filled with letters and numbers, find the longest subarray with
an equal number of letters and numbers.

17.6 Count of 2s: Write a method to count the number of 2s between 0 and n.

17.7 Baby Names: Each year, the government releases a list of the 10,000 most common baby names and their frequencies (the number of babies with that name).The only problem with this is that some names have multiple spellings. For example, "John" and "Jon" are essentially the same name but would be listed separately in the list. Given two lists, one of names/frequencies and the other of pairs of equivalent names, write an algorithm to print a new list of the true frequency of each name. Note that if John and Jon are synonyms, and Jon and Johnny are synonyms, then John and Johnny are synonyms. (It is both transitive and symmetric.) In the final list, any name can be used as the "real" name.
EXAMPLE Input:
Names: John (15), Jon (12), Chris (13), Kris (4), Christopher (19)
Synonyms: (Jon, John), (John, Johnny), (Chris, Kris), (Chris, Christopher) Output: John (27), Kris (36)

17.8 Circus Tower: A circus is designing a tower routine consisting of people standing atop one another's shoulders. For practical and aesthetic reasons, each person must be both shorter and lighter than the person below him or her. Given the heights and weights of each person in the circus, write a method to compute the largest possible number of people in such a tower.

17.9 Kth Multiple: Design an algorithm to find the kth number such that the only prime factors are 3, 5, and 7. Note that 3,5, and 7 do not have to be factors, but it should not have any other prime factors. For example, the first several multiples would be (in order) 1,3, 5, 7, 9, 15,21.

17.10 Majority Element: A majority element is an element that makes up more than half of the items in an array. Given a positive integers array, find the majority element. If there is no majority element, return -1. Do this in O( N) time and O( 1) space.
Input: 125959555 Output: 5

17.11 Word Distance: You have a large text file containing words. Given any two words, find the shortest distance (in terms of number of words) between them in the file. If the operation will be repeated many times for the same file (but different pairs of words), can you optimize your solution?

17.12 BiNode: Consider a simple data structure called BiNode, which has pointers to two other nodes.The data structure BiNode could be used to represent both a binary tree (where nodel is the left node and node2 is the right node) or a doubly linked list (where nodel is the previous node and node2 is the next node). Implement a method to convert a binary search tree (implemented with BiNode) into a doubly linked list. The values should be kept in order and the operation should be performed in place (that is, on the original data structure).

17.13 Re-Space: Oh, no! You have accidentally removed all spaces, punctuation, and capitalization in a lengthydocument.Asentencelike"I reset the computer. It still didnJ t boot!" became"iresetthecomputeritstilldidntboot': You'll deal with the punctuation and capi- talization later; right now you need to re-insert the spaces. Most of the words are in a dictionary but a few are not. Given a dictionary (a list of strings) and the document (a string), design an algorithm to unconcatenate the document in a way that minimizes the number of unrecognized characters.
}
Observe that we have moved the main parts of the code into convertToCircular. The convert
EXAMPLE
Input: jesslookedjustliketimherbrother
Output: jess looked just like tim her brother (7 unrecognized characters)

17.14 Smallest K:Design an algorithm to find the smallest K numbers in an array.

17.15 Longest Word: Given a list of words, write a program to find the longest word made of other words in the list.

17.16 The Masseuse: A popular masseuse receives a sequence of back-to-back appointment requests and is debating which ones to accept. She needs a 15-minute break between appointments and therefore she cannot accept any adjacent requests. Given a sequence of back-to-back appoint- ment requests (all multiples of 15 minutes, none overlap, and none can be moved), find the optimal (highest total booked minutes) set the masseuse can honor. Return the number of minutes.
EXAMPLE
Input: {3e, 15, 6e, 75, 45, 15, 15, 45} Output: 18e minutes ({30, 6e, 45, 45}).

17.17 Multi Search: Given a string b and an array of smaller strings T, design a method to search b for each small string in T.

17.18 Shortest Supersequence: You are given two arrays, one shorter (with all distinct elements)and one longer. Find the shortest subarray in the longer array that contains all the elements in the shorter array.The items can appear in any order.
EXAMPLE Input:
{1, 5, 9}
{7, 5,9,8,2,1,3, 5. 7.9.1,1,5,8,8,9, 7} Output: [7, 18] (the underlined portion above)

17.19 Missing Two: You are given an array with all the numbers from 1 to N appearing exactly once, except for one number that is missing. How can you find the missing number in 0 (N) time and O( 1) space? What if there were two numbers missing?

17.20 Continuous Median:Numbers are randomly generated and passed to a method.Write a program
to find and maintain the median value as new values are generated.

17.21 Volume of Histogram: Imagine a histogram (bar graph). Design an algorithm to compute the volume of water it could hold if someone poured water across the top. You can assume that each histogram bar has width 1.

17.22 Word Transformer: Given two words of equal length that are in a dictionary, write a method to transform one word into another word by changing only one letter at a time. The new word you get in each step must be in the dictionary.
EXAMPLE
Input: DAMP, LIKE
Output: DAMP -> LAMP -> LIMP -> LIME -> LIKE

17.23 Max Square Matrix: Imagine you have a square matrix, where each cell (pixel) is either black or white. Design an algorithm to find the maximum subsquare such that all four borders are filled with black pixels.

17.24 Max Submatrix: Given an NxN matrix of positive and negative integers, write code to find the submatrix with the largest possible sum.

17.25 Word Rectangle: Given a list of mill ions of words, design an algorithm to create the largest possible rectangle of letters such that every row forms a word (reading left to right) and every column forms a word (reading top to bottom).The words need not be chosen consecutively from the list, but all rows must be the same length and all columns must be the same height.

17.26 Sparse Similarity: The similarity of two documents (each with distinct words) is defined to be the size of the intersection divided by the size of the union. For example, if the documents consist of integers, the similarity of {1, 5, 3} and {1, 7, 2, 3} is e.4, because the intersection has size 2 and the union has size 5.
We have a long list of documents (with distinct values and each with an associated 10) where the similarity is believed to be "sparse:'That is, any two arbitrarily selected documents are very likely to have similarity O. Design an algorithm that returns a list of pairs of document IDs and the associated similarity.
Print only the pairs with similarity greater than o.Empty documents should not be printed at all. For simplicity, you may assume each document is represented as an array of distinct integers.
